Md Din Islam
mdislam_505@yahoo.com
3380 Eglinton Avenue East #1509 Scarborough ON M1J 3L6

OBJECTIVE

To Obtain a position as a full stack web development, whether I can utilize my skills and experience for the benefit of company and myself.

PROFILE SUMMARY 
5+ years experience of programming, debugging, data and system analysis and design
Experience to develop cross platform/browser compatibility full stack dynamic web applications
Experience to develop user authentication and rights
Expert to develop Sequelize ORM – Build CRUD Restful API with Node.Js/Express, Sequelize, MySQL, Firebase and Mongodb
Experience to use SDLC  Use Cases and iterative development such as Agile methodology
Experience and in depth understanding as a System Validation/Quality Assurance     of software applications.
Experience working within a Full Development Life cycle Model
Comprehensive knowledge of data structures, algorithms and software architectures
Experience to develop and design MVC, ORM and sequelize database system

TECHNICAL SKILLS

 JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, HTML			 Node js, Express, MVC, React Js,
 VBScript .Net Framework, C#			 ASP.Net, VB.Net, ADO.Net,  WPF

Database      :  Foxpro, MySql, MS Sql, Firebase and Mongodb.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Recently, I have finished full stack web development course from University of Toronto and I have upgraded my education, skills and experience from University of Toronto.
The areas of upgraded skills: JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, Node.js, Express, MVC, Sequelize, ORM, React.js Mysql, Firebase and Mongodb. I did many frontend and backend projects.

Programmer       Van Rob Stamping Inc, Toronto    
Inventory Management System
Designed and developed this system when I worked with this company. It was medium scale business (Server, client server and online database Application) in the automotive industry. It was included production, shipping and inventory information.
Tools & Environments:  c#, Asp.Net, SQL Server, visual Studio 2010, MS Office, Windows.


Net Developer          
I designed and developed two projects 
High Spirit Beverage Outlet Information System (Database  system) in house application. 
AWS Information System (Web based application)

Programmer           Capital Mercury Shirt Corp.   

I had been working for five years as a software developer. I designed, developed and maintained all software myself. I controlled 40 garments information. This system saved 40 hours per week. I used visual FoxPro and vb. This is multi national American buying house. A large scale worldwide business within 29 countries. Some development areas I already mentioned below for your understand.

Tools & Environments:  Visual FoxPro, SQL Server, Oracle and windows.

 EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION SUMMARY 

Full Stack Web Development (University of Toronto)
Advanced Diploma in Computer Studies (Singapore)
Oracle Certified SQL and PL SQL (Toronto, Canada)
College-12 from Bangladesh















MD DIN ISLAM
Mdislam_505@yahoo.com
Phone: 647-567-2774



To
The Authority

Re:  Applying for Junior Full Stack Web Developer 

Dear Sir,

I would like to apply as a junior web developer whether I can utilize my skills and experience for the benefit of the company and myself.

Recently I have finished UofT BootCamp Full Stack web development course from University of Toronto. I have updated my skills and experience and I have learned many new technologies. I am confident to work as a full stack web developer.

Area of  skills and experience are JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, Node.js, Express, MVC, Sequelize ORM Build CRUD Restful API with Node.Js/Express, Sequelize, MySQL, Firebase, Mongodb and react.js

Five years software development in frontend and backend programming experience. Some of the development tools I had been used included C#, Framework 3.5, VB.NET, ASP.NET, SQL Server, IIS Server, SQL and Access and Foxpro database. I have been included in the design, development and maintenance of various database software and have worked in demanding situations that required exceptional problem solving and organizational skills.

Please, feel free to contact me at your convenience to see if there is additional information that you would like me to provide. Thank you for review and consideration.

Sincerely,



Md. Din Islam
Enc: resume
